NMS-15776: Parallelize DNS lookups during audit phase (#6276)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/provisioning/scalability.adoc

NOTE: Even if `scan-interval` is set to `0`, new nodes added to a requisition are scanned during import.
You can also disable this scan by setting `scan-interval` to `-1`.

=== Tuning DNS reverse lookups

During the provisioning process hostnames are determined for each interface IP address by a DNS reverse lookups.
A thread pool is used to allow concurrent DNS lookups.
This thread pool can be configured by the following properties:

.Thread pool configuration parameters for DNS lookups
[options="header"]
[cols="1,3,2"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default value

| org.opennms.netmgt.provision.dns.client.rpc.maxThreadPoolSize
| Maximum thread pool size.

> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 64
```

64
| org.opennms.netmgt.provision.dns.client.rpc.queueCapacity
| Maximum queue size for pending DNS lookups.

> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4096
```

> 4096

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

|===

> NOTE: DNS reverse lookups can be disabled completely by setting the property `org.opennms.provisiond.reverseResolveRequisitionIpInterfaceHostnames` to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To completely disable DNS reverse lookups, set the property `org.opennms.provisiond.reverseResolveRequisitionIpInterfaceHostnames` to `false`.
```
